gh-82062: correctly set module for built-in instance methods in inspect.signature() (#115270)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-02-11-07-31-43.gh-issue-82062.eeS6w7.rst

Fix :func:`inspect.signature()` to correctly set extension module for

> built-in instance methods.

Reviewer: This description does not look correct. What module? The Signature object does not have any module attribute.

Please document what is actual visible effect of this change.

Fix :func:`inspect.signature()` to correctly handle globals in extension

> modules.  Now signatures are correct if globals are use to define default

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
modules.  Now signatures are correct if globals are used to define default
```

Author: Thanks, but I think @JelleZijlstra variant is better.

> Fix :func:`inspect.signature()` to correctly handle globals in extension
> modules.  Now signatures are correct if globals are use to define default
> values in extension functions and/or methods.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fix :func:`inspect.signature()` to correctly handle parameter defaults
on methods in extension modules that use names defined in the module
namespace.
```
Clarify that only methods are changing; functions already worked. Remove the second sentence as it's redundant.

> Fix :func:`inspect.signature()` to correctly set extension module for built-in

Reviewer: It describes what the code does, not what the user gets.

And the user gets that the module globals resolution for default values now works not only for global extension functions, but also for methods of extension classes.

Author: Ok, lets see if it's better now.
